so we begin with the latest developments
in the Israel Gaza War which has now
entered into a second day the number of
Israelis killed has shot up to 600 since
Hamas launched its biggest attack on
Israel by land air and sea early on
Saturday dozens of bodies were found in
an area called AR bordering the Gaza
border a number of burnt cars were found
along a road in the region Israel
launched strikes on Gaza early Dawn on
Sunday many buildings were damage more
than 300 Palestinians have been killed
so far Israel has also deployed troops
along the Lebanon border after Hezbollah
shelled areas under its occupation
Israel retaliated with artillery fire
after three posts were hit in the Sheba
Farms areas Rob Reynolds begins our
coverage with this
report Palestinian fighters from Gaza
infiltrated close to the major Israeli
city of ashalon Sunday and exchanged
fire with Israeli forces
the fighters were pursued driving a car
believed to have been seized from one of
the settlements near the Gaza Strip in a
shootout with Israeli troops and police
an undetermined number of Israelis were
killed the fate of the Palestinian
Fighters is
unclear to the North near the Lebanese
border explosions in the occupied shivba
farms and karuba hills on Sunday morning
may develop into a serious escalation of
the Palestinian Israeli conflict the
Israeli Army says it has fired artillery
shells on hisbah positions in southern
Lebanon it comes shortly after hisbah
Fighters launched a rocket attack on an
Israeli military
Post in solidarity with the Palestinian
resistance and their struggle groups
from the Martyr Commander m in the
Islamic resistance this morning attacked
three positions of the Zionist
occupation in the occupied Shea Farms
area a large number of artillery shells
and guided missiles were fired at the
Radar Site the zipd site and theam site
the sites were hit
directly in Gaza City the Palestinians
woke up to scenes of death and
destruction following a night of Israeli
bombardment Israeli Rockets leveled
residential homes and business Towers
across the city
the Ministry of Health in Gaza reports
the killing of over 300 people including
20 children with nearly 2,000
injured from this point at an Israeli
roadblock about 10 kmet from the border
we can clearly hear the sounds of
Israeli artillery gunboats in the
Mediterranean and tanks all firing on
Gaza Israel says it's only the beginning
of a long campaign to punish Hamas
following unprecedented attacks on
Israel
Saturday there are tens of thousands of
military personnel in the surrounding
areas near Gaza we will continue to
arrive to every settlement until we kill
all the gunman who are inside Israeli
territory the land air and sea attack by
alassan brigades and other groups left
hundreds of Israelis dead and many more
wounded the Israeli Army has announced
the names of 26 soldiers which it says
were killed in the
attacks an unknown number of military
and civilians have been taken prisoner
by Palestinian
Fighters Israeli media quoted unofficial
sources saying up to 750 Israelis are
still unaccounted for details of
Saturday's attack continue to emerge
this video published by the alassan
brigades shows its Fighters taking
control of the rim military base
headquarters of the Israeli Gaza
division in response to the Israeli
night raids on Gaza alasan brigades
launched a second wave of attacks
targeting Tel Aviv with more than 150
Rockets the extent of Israel's operation
is still unclear with its Army putting
out messages to Palestinian civilians in
villages around the city of Gaza telling
them to evacuate that could be a sign
Israel intends a land invasion of the
strip and despite calls for an end to
hostilities coming from Saudi Arabia and
elsewhere there's no sign of the
immediate offers of mediation that used
to follow every previous Israeli War on
Gaza Rob Reynolds Al jazer in southern
Israel near the border with
Gaza well we got a team of
correspondents covering the story Rob
Reynolds is in southern Israel a few
kilometers from the Gaza border yide is
live for us inside Gaza in West
Jerusalem we have sah harat and in
southern Lebon zenah is standing by for
us but let's start off with Rob Reynolds
who's joining us from near the Gaza
Israel border
and Rob we just saw your report there
you know the numbers of Israeli dead has
just escalated rapidly isn't
it yes uh and it's an astonishing figure
now over 600 Israeli civilians Dead uh
by way of comparison look back at the uh
2006 Lebanon war 44 uh civilians from
Israel died during that conflict and in
the second indata which lasted from 2000
to 2005 five entire years of fighting
between Israelis and Palestinians
730 Israeli non-combatants were were
were casualties uh now there are reports
that on uh there are this these numbers
may actually rise Beyond 600 uh because
the uh fighting is still underway in
southern Lebanon where near excuse me in
southern Israel near where we are now uh
between Hamas Fighters and the Israeli
military the Israeli military has not
been able to dislodge Hamas fighters
from certain Villages and uh kutes and
towns uh that they took on Saturday and
in fact Hamas uh commanders have said
that they've been able to resupply their
forces and have taken new territory uh
today on Sunday um now now the uh
whatever the fin number may be it is
certainly going to be a tremendous
visceral shock to the Israeli public and
it may in the immediate term spur calls
for vengeance against Gaza and certainly
Israel is capable of doing that in fact
there's there are several tanks nearby
that are regularly shelling uh Gaza just
a few kilometers away uh and we we
periodically hear the the concussive
blast from those tanks but in the longer
term I think that uh the Israeli public
will also demand accountability and uh
responsibility for how they're
supposedly uh vaunted uh
in there we go uh accountability for how
their government their supposedly expert
and excellent intelligence services and
their military managed to be caught
completely unawares by
Hamas and Rob talk of three phases to
Israeli action the first is clearing
Palestinian Fighters out of the Border
areas uh and then an evacuation of the
area before perhaps uh that full scale
assault right uh the the third aspect of
that that you mentioned that's that's
the wild card that we don't know exactly
what uh Israel has decided uh to do do
if it has made that decision yet uh
although from this Vantage Point we've
seen many many uh tanks armored vehicles
Jeeps full of soldiers transports uh
lots of soldiers moving around here uh
in the in the area of Gaza
so uh the possibility of a land uh
invasion is also made Greater by the
fact that Israeli authorities have
warned uh Palestinians who live near the
border uh to get out and go somewhere
else uh so some indication there that
that there's going to be a battlefield
there but then that of course raises all
kinds of different questions especially
about casualties there are hostages
there are uh captives being held by
Hamas and other Palestinian fight
fighters inside the the war and of
streets in that vastly overcrowded city
of Gaza among the two 0.1 or 2.3 million
people who live there honeycombed with
tunnels and uh a fight between the
Israeli military and the Guerilla
fighters of Hamas and other uh militant
groups
uh would involve the most dangerous and
deadly form of warfare imaginable
house-to-house fighting close combat in
an urban setting something that is uh
always uh has always in the past in
history caused massive numbers of
casualties all right Rob leave it leave
it there for the moment thanks very much
indeed Rob Ry speak to bit later no
doubt